# An Analysis of Kickstarter Campaign
Performing analysis on Kickstarter data to uncover trends

### Based on the data provided from "Outcomes Based on Goals" and "Outcomes Based on Launch Date" sheets, I would suggest Louise to run her fundraising project with goal amount between $1000-$5000(rounded from $4999) starting in May for the safest bet. Plan to run a longer project if she wants to reach a goal of medium amount funding(Between $5000-$25000). Any goals above $25000 are not suggested because the sample size is too small to make any suggestions. This conclusion is based on the following findings:
  ##### * The goal amount between $1000-$4999 in plays fundraising projects has the second highest success rate(73%), not a significant difference comparing to the highest(76%), which projects that are less than $1000. However, the projects run in range $1000-$4999 are the highest in terms of successful projects(56%) and total projects(51%), consists of more than half projects of all the other fundraising goal amount categories.
  ##### * Among different months in recent years, May seems to be the best month to start running theater fundraising projects, with the highest 166 projects initiated(12% of annual total). In terms of month-to-month ratio, Apr to May has the highest increase rate(47%) in project initiation of the years. It seems fundraisers like to start their projects starting from May, then the number gradually declining until the end of year. It may be the reason that backers start to focus on theater category from May. The percentage of successful projects shows a bit, with the highest success rate of 67% in May, but the rate is not sinking or rising a lot throughout the year.
  ##### * For reaching a goal in medium amount of funding, it is still a considerable option, because the success rate between $5000-$25000 is consistently around 50%. For a better chance of success in this goal, I would suggest Louise to start her project in May but consider to run it longer. 
---
### The data from "Outcomes Based on Goals" and "Outcomes Based on Launch Date" sheets are limited to provide more precise suggestions to Louise. The following may help more in the improvement:
  ##### * Use subcategories instead of parent categories. Theater consists of musical, plays and spaces projects, and the best project initiate month may not be in May because it could be one of the subcategory projects are heavily launching in a specific month.
  ##### * Different years comparison table. It is a great dataset to tell whether plays projects have any difference in total number and success rate.
  ##### * Counties column needs to be added to the table. Louise wants to run her play in the US specifically, sort out the projects in the US would make the dataset more accurate.
  ##### * Length of the project running period vs successful numbers in different goal amount table. This dataset would help in determining launching month and goal amount.
  ##### * Backers numbers and average donation amount table vs goal amounts in plays projects. This table could be an additional support to the success rate, to ensure that whether the percentages are reliable, because some projects maybe just funded by few big backers.
